[IAM-5206] SSO: multiple Sauce Labs organizations with single identity provider (#1793)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/basics/sso/setting-up-sso-special-cases.md

---
id: setting-up-sso-special-cases
title: Setting Up SSO - Special Cases
sidebar_label: Setting Up SSO - Special Cases
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<p><span className="sauceDBlue">Enterprise Plans only</span></p>

## Single Identity Provider and Multiple Organizations at Sauce Labs

:::note
Integrating more than two Sauce Labs organizations with the same Identity Provider is not supported. If you have more than two organizations that you need integration with the same Identity Provider, contact your Customer Success Manager or [Sauce Labs Support](mailto:help@saucelabs.com).
:::

Some identity providers do not allow creating more than one SAML integration with the same service provider. In other words, they require one unique entity ID for a service provider.
If your Identity Provider has this limitation and you have two organizations at Sauce Labs to integrate with SAML SSO for that Identity Provider, follow the setup steps below:

1. In your Identity Provider set up the first SAML SSO integration/application in the [standard way](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#setting-up-identity-provider).

> 2. Integrate the SAML SSO application](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider) that you created in the previous step with one of your Sauce Labs organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Integrate the SAML SSO application](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider) that you created in the previous step with one of your Sauce Labs organizations.
```

Author: fixed

3. In your Identity Provider set up another SAML SSO integration/application with the auxiliary Sauce Labs Service Provider.
   - You have to use [different Sauce Labs metadata](https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/sso/metadata/https%3A%2F%2Faccounts.saucelabs.com%2Fsp1).

>    - The metadata contains different entity ID and different ACS URLs (`sp1` instead of `sp`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The metadata contains different entity ID and different ACS URLs (`sp1` instead of `sp`):
   
```

Author: fixed

>    - | Setting                    | Value                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Setting                    | Value                                                                   |
```

Author: If I remove `-`, the table is not rendered. We have to keep this bullet point here.

Reviewer: I see. So, I removed the - and now I added a blank line before and after the table. That fixes the odd bullet that shows up here:<img width="482" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110419077/226001105-c85ff9a4-8fb8-478f-ab09-c1175f5b448c.png">

>    - | Setting                    | Value                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | Setting                    | Value                                                                   |
```

     | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
     | Entity ID                  | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/sp1`                                    |
     | Audience URI               | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/sp1`                                    |
     | Assertion Consumer Service | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp1` |
     | Recipient URL              | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp1` |

>      | Destination URL            | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp1` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     | Destination URL            | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp1` |
     
```

Author: fixed

---
id: setting-up-sso-special-cases
title: Setting Up SSO - Special Cases
sidebar_label: Setting Up SSO - Special Cases
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<p><span className="sauceDBlue">Enterprise Plans only</span></p>

## Single Identity Provider and Multiple Organizations at Sauce Labs

> Some identity providers do not allow creating more than one SAML integration with the same service provider. In other words, they **require unique entity ID of service providers**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some identity providers do not allow creating more than one SAML integration with the same service provider. In other words, they require one unique entity ID for a service provider.
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer: :::note
 Integrating more than two  Sauce Labs organizations with the same  Identity Provider is not supported. If you have more than two organizations that you need integration with the same  Identity Provider, contact your Customer Success Manager or [Sauce Labs Support](mailto:help@saucelabs.com). 
 :::

Reviewer: I would move the note to the top of the page.

Author: fixed

> If your Identity Provider has this limitation and your company has **more than one organization at Sauce Labs** which need to be integrated with SAML SSO with the same Identity Provider, please follow the setup steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Identity Provider has this limitation and you have more than one organization at Sauce Labs that you need to  integrated with SAML SSO for that Identify Provider,  follow the setup steps below:
```

Author: fixed

1. In your Identity Provider set up the first SAML SSO integration/application in the [standard way](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#setting-up-identity-provider).

> 2. [Integrate the SAML SSO application](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider) that you created in the previous step with one of your Sauce Labs organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Integrate the SAML SSO application](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider) that you created in the previous step with one of your Sauce Labs organizations.
```

Author: fixed

   - | Setting                    | Value                                                                   |
     | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
     | Entity ID                  | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/sp2`                                    |
     | Audience URI               | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/sp2`                                    |
     | Assertion Consumer Service | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp2` |
     | Recipient URL              | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp2` |
     | Destination URL            | `https://accounts.saucelabs.com/am/AuthConsumer/metaAlias/authtree/sp2` |
   - All other settings are the same as in the [standard service provider](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#setting-up-identity-provider).
4. [Integrate the SAML SSO application](/basics/sso/setting-up-sso/#integrating-with-sauce-labs-service-provider) that you created using the auxiliary metadata (`sp2`) with the other Sauce Labs organization.

>    - While you are in the Single Sign-On Configuration in Sauce Labs Team Management UI, expand the section **Advanced** and in the dropdown **Service Provider** choose **Auxiliary SP2**.

Author: fixed

---

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Integrating **more than two** Sauce Labs organizations with the same Identity Provider is currently not supported. If this is your case, please reach out to your Customer Success Manager or [Sauce Labs Support](mailto:help@saucelabs.com).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
